**BikeFiesta** is my diploma thesis, a marketplace for used bicycles.

It is a web application for buying and selling used bicycles. The platform is designed to connect buyers and sellers in a convenient and secure way, while also providing advanced features, such as 2-factor authentication or payment processing. My approach utilizes a range of cutting-edge technologies, including Ruby on Rails and Python, along with TensorFlow, Pillow, OpenCV, and Dlib libraries, as well as cloud-based services such as Cloudinary and Twilio. Notably, I use face extraction to extract the profile picture of a user from the ID Card uploaded at registration and image classification to verify if at least one image associated with a sale post is a bicycle.

My application consists of two distinct parts: an admin panel and a user interface. Administrators have a comprehensive range of functionalities that enable them to maintain the effectiveness of the platform. These functionalities include the ability to ban users and posts, refund buyers, and access detailed user and transactional statistics on a daily basis. Users can buy and sell bicycles, as well as access additional features, such as adding items to favorites, reviewing other users, following them, and reporting issues. Although users cannot communicate directly, a chat functionality is available between users and administrators. Essentially, the marketplace prioritizes the interests of sellers, with the site taking a maximum commission of 10%, depending on the present discounts. Sellers are required to update shipping proof before receiving their funds.

For more information: 
- [BikeFiesta - A marketplace for used bicycles.pdf](https://github.com/pauladam2001/BikeFiesta-DiplomaThesis/files/12785265/Licenta.IE.ADAM.VA.PAUL-ADRIAN.pdf)
- [BikeFiesta - A marketplace for used bicycles - Presentation.pdf](https://github.com/pauladam2001/BikeFiesta-DiplomaThesis/files/12785269/BikeFiesta.-.A.marketplace.for.used.bicycles.-.Slides.pdf)
